C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.exe
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.deps.json
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.pdb
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.pdb
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Test\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Test.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.exe
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.deps.json
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Test.pdb
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Test.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.pdb
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Test.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Test.pdb
