c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.exe
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.deps.json
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.pdb
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Solution2.dll
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.pdb
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\word\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Solution2.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.exe
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.deps.json
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\bin\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.pdb
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Solution2.dll
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.pdb
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\Solution2.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Татьяна\Desktop\Учеба\ЭВМ\Лабораторная 1\Solution2\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Solution2.dll
